suggestion when we send the alert should be DATA means d capital.
the suggestion mail is not sent to nitesh@cresol.in.
when we send suggestion second time its shows data inserted but its not coming in db.
newsletter alert is also should be d captial .
newsletter data is not sent to email nitesh@cresol.in
newsletter data if inserted in db they why its shows data inserted second time it should say data allready inserted .
frequently question is clickable but it should not be clickable according to test cases.
point 14 when we add tag from admin panel it shows but when we deactivate that it also coming it should not come .
point 17 when we add new categorie its not taking inverted commas and all  in description .
when we add new categorie its comes in table but it shows deactivate but it should be actuvate when we add.
when we see categorie in home page it shows categorie id not name  in englkish language .
categorie shows deactivate but its shows at home page .
when we deactivate categorie still it shows.
point 19 . when we click on book now button then it goes to speicalist profile but when we slect any mode of contact then we clock go to booking it shows homepage .
 SPECIALIST SLIDE 
 register 
 1. first name alert spelling is wrong .
 2. confirm password spelling wrong in validation .
 3. when we enter mismatched passsword it should show password didn't matched .
 4. if we enter wrong email it takes with gmail .

 LOGIN
 1. if we allready enter email then we click login it shows please enter valid email .
 2. when we not enter password then it should show please enyter password not email .
 3. when we login second time its not coming booking page .

 SETTING EDIT PROFILE
  1. whithout entering mobile no. when we update its updated but it should not be if its mandatory .
  2. when we update language is not updating .
  3. when we update image is not prieviing .
  4. when we update file in healthcare degree we added html file its added but it should not be only those extend=sion which are mention not all .
  5. when we update account detail the alert of IBAN is wrong .
  6. change passwrod is not working .

   7. public intro - some field are mandatory but when we save changes its not shows alert for mandatory .
    which field are not mandatory those fields shows alert.
    full name not updated its coming same if we can not updated it should be in grey box .
    when we update 4th pic its not updating .
    when we click next page it didn't tae me any page it shows blank .


    8. public consultation- after decimal it should be 2 value not more than 2 value in public commission field when we enter but when we save changes it shows  .
    when we add more than 2 session in mesage  its shows maximum 2 only but sometime its updated 3 its error .
9 public overview - it not taking special character ,max 500 character condition in not wroking i updated more than 3k character there .

10.booking when we chat with cilent we are unable to see my cilent pic.

CUSTOMER 
register -
 1 alert od first name spelling wrong .
 2 if password didn't match it should show alert paddword didn't match not confirm password
login-
 setting -
 1. when we add address then we update but still it shows undefined .

 booking 
 1.when we book part session it checks full as well .
 2. in inoive after city it shows undefined .
 3. if we are booking for 6 pm it shows 6:02 pm why ?
 4. when we rebook it shows 0 price but in invoice it shows 4.4 price 

 message
 1. when we click search box it takes  me blank screen 
 2. in specialist list it not showing profile icon of specialist its not priview.

 favourite 
 1. we can cancel specialist when we click on X but it takes me seeting page it should be same page .

ADMIN 
1. poit no.5 we can deactivate user but when we login that user it shows password not matched alert and when we active again it agian shows ppassword not matched alert .
2. point no. 8 status missing.






